 const sampleTexts = [
        "Sarah, a young entrepreneur, was browsing a thrift store when a worn-out leather-bound notebook caught her eye. It was priced at a mere $5. Intrigued, she bought it and discovered pages filled with business ideas from the 1920s. Inspired, she adapted one idea to the modern market, launching a successful online vintage clothing store. That $5 notebook became the catalyst for a multi-million dollar business, proving that sometimes, the most valuable investments come in unexpected packages.",
        "The way you perceive the world and yourself has a profound impact on your reality. Your thoughts are like seeds, and the ones you nurture will ultimately blossom into your life experiences. Train your mind to focus on the positive aspects of yourself, your accomplishments, and the possibilities that lie ahead. Practice gratitude daily, affirming your worth and visualizing your success. By cultivating a positive mental landscape, you'll attract more positivity, abundance, and opportunities into your life.",
        "The first personnel management department started at the National Cash Register Co. in 1900. The owner, John Henry Patterson, organized a personnel department to deal with grievances, discharges and safety, and training for supervisors on new laws and practices after several strikes and employee lockouts. During the 1970s, companies experienced globalization, deregulation, and rapid technological change which caused the major companies to enhance their strategic planning and focus on ways to promote organizational effectiveness. This resulted in developing more jobs and opportunities for people to show their skills which were directed to effective applying employees toward the fulfillment of individual, group, and organizational goals. Many years later the major/minor of human resource management was created at universities and colleges also known as business administration.",
        "Trust is the glue that holds teams together, the invisible bond that enables members to rely on each other, share ideas openly, and take risks without fear of judgment or reprisal. Trust is not built overnight; it requires consistent communication, mutual respect, and a willingness to be vulnerable. When team members trust each other, they are more likely to collaborate effectively, share information freely, and support each other through challenges. A lack of trust, on the other hand, can breed suspicion, conflict, and ultimately undermine the team's performance.",
        "The recent emergence of several competitive typing websites has allowed several fast typists on computer keyboards to emerge along with new records, though these are unverifiable for the most part. Two of the most notable online records that are considered genuine are 241.82 wpm on an English text on typingzone.com by Brazilian Guilherme Sandrini (equivalent to 290.184 wpm using the traditional definition for words per minute since this site defines a word as six characters rather than five) and 256 wpm (a record caught on video) on TypeRacer by American Sean Wrona, the inaugural Ultimate Typing Championship winner, which was considered the highest ever legitimate score ever set on the site, until Wrona claimed it has been surpassed. Both of these records are essentially sprint speeds on short text selections lasting much less than one minute and were achieved on the QWERTY keyboard. Wrona also maintained 174 wpm on a 50-minute test taken on hi-games.net, another online typing website to unofficially displace Blackburn as the fastest endurance typist, although disputes might still arise over differences in the difficulty of the texts as well as Wrona's use of a modern computer keyboard as opposed to the typewriter used by Blackburn.",
        "In their early 20s, Emily and Ben set an ambitious goal: to save $100,000 in 5 years for a down payment on their dream home. They created a detailed budget, cut back on discretionary spending, and started side hustles to increase their income. They even tracked their progress on a whiteboard in their living room, marking each $1,000 saved with a star. The journey wasn't easy. There were months when they barely scraped by, and unexpected expenses threatened to derail their plans. But they stayed focused, motivated by their shared dream. After 4 years and 11 months, they reached their goal, a testament to their unwavering commitment and financial discipline.",
      ];